
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000263                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   263409500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  263409500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 870162                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   870149                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              345251596                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 264052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      663871                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        663871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            18240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst              640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data              960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data             1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        18240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           22656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            69245794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            40089670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             2429677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             3644515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst            14092127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             5588257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              242968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             3644515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               138977524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       69245794                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        2429677                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       14092127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         242968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           86010565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           69245794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           40089670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            2429677                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            3644515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst           14092127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            5588257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             242968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            3644515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              138977524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                          526819                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     158244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       158244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               108988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        25977                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      108988                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             315122                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            110594                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        73856                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      48897                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     24959                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              526818.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            26842                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                23569     14.89%     14.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                    60797     38.40%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   48981     30.94%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  24959     15.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    158306                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          144.946606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              73324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           439.065868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   144.946606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.283099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.283099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.322266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           295657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          295657                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        48717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data        73442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           73442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data        73442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          73442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data          353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6585500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6585500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       400000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       400000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11286500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11286500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11286500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11286500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        48887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        73795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        73795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27652.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27652.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35986.338798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35986.338798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15384.615385                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15384.615385                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31973.087819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31973.087819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31973.087819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31973.087819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6402500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6402500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       374000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       374000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10933500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10933500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     10933500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10933500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26652.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26652.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34986.338798                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34986.338798                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14384.615385                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14384.615385                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30973.087819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30973.087819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30973.087819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30973.087819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          211.173601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             157840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           337.987152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   211.173601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.412448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.412448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.492188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           158774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          158774                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       157840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         157840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       157840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          157840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       157840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         157840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20426000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20426000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20426000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20426000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       158307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       158307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       158307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       158307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       158307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       158307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43738.758030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43738.758030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43738.758030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43738.758030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43738.758030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43738.758030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42738.758030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42738.758030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42738.758030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42738.758030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42738.758030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42738.758030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                          526818                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     169340                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       169340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               111465                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        32946                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      111465                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             276307                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            104671                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        54688                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      41399                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     13289                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              74658.860000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              452159.140000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.858283                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.141717                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            34599                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                25380     14.98%     14.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    74993     44.28%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   55710     32.89%     92.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  13289      7.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    169372                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           26.434544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              28854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           994.965517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    26.434544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.051630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.051630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           218970                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          218970                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        41227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        13113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        54340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           54340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        54340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          54340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1132500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1132500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1426000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1426000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       250000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       250000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2558500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      2558500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2558500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      2558500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        41391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        13218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        54609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        54609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        54609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        54609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.811594                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.811594                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6905.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6905.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13580.952381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13580.952381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4464.285714                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4464.285714                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9511.152416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9511.152416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9511.152416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9511.152416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       968500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       968500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1321000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1321000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       194000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       194000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2289500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2289500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2289500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2289500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007944                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007944                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5905.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5905.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12580.952381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12580.952381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3464.285714                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3464.285714                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8511.152416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8511.152416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8511.152416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8511.152416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           66.813763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             169007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           461.767760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    66.813763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.130496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.130496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           169739                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          169739                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       169007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         169007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       169007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          169007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       169007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         169007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       169373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       169373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       169373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       169373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       169373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       169373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15581.967213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15581.967213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15581.967213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15581.967213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15581.967213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15581.967213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14581.967213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14581.967213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14581.967213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14581.967213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14581.967213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14581.967213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                          526819                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     165892                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       165892                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               110657                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        31626                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      110657                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             278357                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            106099                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                        55200                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      40995                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     14205                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              74930.001716                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              451888.998284                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.857769                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.142231                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            33279                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                24060     14.50%     14.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                    74589     44.95%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   53070     31.98%     91.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  14205      8.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    165924                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           27.420509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              30687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1058.172414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    27.420509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.053556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.053556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           221019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          221019                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        40826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        14029                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14029                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        54855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           54855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        54855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          54855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1485000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1485000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       251000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       251000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      2894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2894000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      2894000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        40988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        14134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        14134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        55122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        55122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        55122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        55122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.811594                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.811594                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8697.530864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8697.530864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14142.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14142.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4482.142857                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4482.142857                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10838.951311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 10838.951311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10838.951311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 10838.951311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1380000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1380000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       195000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       195000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007429                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007429                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  7697.530864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7697.530864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13142.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13142.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3482.142857                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3482.142857                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9838.951311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9838.951311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9838.951311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9838.951311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           69.231273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             165559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           452.346995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    69.231273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.135217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.135217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           166291                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          166291                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       165559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         165559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       165559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          165559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       165559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         165559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8164000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8164000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       165925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       165925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       165925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       165925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       165925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22306.010929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22306.010929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22306.010929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22306.010929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22306.010929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22306.010929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21306.010929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21306.010929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21306.010929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21306.010929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21306.010929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21306.010929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                          526818                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     170395                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       170395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               111057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        33676                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      111057                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             271753                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            102596                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        53550                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      41191                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     12359                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              75201.858967                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              451616.141033                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.857253                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.142747                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            35332                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                26110     15.32%     15.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                    74791     43.88%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   57167     33.54%     92.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  12359      7.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    170427                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           25.613981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              27108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           903.600000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    25.613981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.050027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.050027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.058594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           214417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          214417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        41020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        12180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        53200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           53200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        53200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          53200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          268                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1445000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1445000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       263000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       263000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      2586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      2586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        41183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        12285                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        12285                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           72                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        53468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        53468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        53468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        53468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008547                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008547                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.805556                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.805556                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data         7000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13761.904762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13761.904762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4534.482759                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4534.482759                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9649.253731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9649.253731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9649.253731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9649.253731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1340000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1340000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       205000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       205000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008547                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008547                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data         6000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12761.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12761.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3534.482759                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3534.482759                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8649.253731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8649.253731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8649.253731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8649.253731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           64.803703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             170061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           463.381471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    64.803703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.126570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.126570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           170795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          170795                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       170061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         170061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       170061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          170061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       170061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         170061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5475500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5475500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5475500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5475500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5475500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5475500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       170428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       170428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       170428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       170428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       170428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14919.618529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14919.618529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14919.618529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14919.618529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14919.618529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14919.618529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5108500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5108500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5108500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5108500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5108500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5108500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13919.618529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13919.618529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13919.618529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13919.618529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13919.618529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13919.618529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  470.663959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       1794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     3.136364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      230.500098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data      147.566608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        6.217156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       10.908895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       46.660458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       17.373358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        0.877256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       10.560130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.003517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.002252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.000712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.007182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          572                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.008728                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                    19676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                   19676                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total               1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          495                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total             495                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              30                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  79                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           182                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           352                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           301                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           357                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              1192                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               26                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                  3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1218                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst           65                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             374                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             78                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               65                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5991000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       851500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       911000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       861000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8614500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17251000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       845000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      3885000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       552500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     22533500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3993500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       120000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       484000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       120500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      4718000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9984500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data       971500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      3885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       552500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data       981500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        35866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9984500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data       971500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      3885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       552500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data       981500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       35866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          495                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total          495                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          1566                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                1812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               1812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.038251                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.177596                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.027248                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.238825                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.929577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.610278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.038251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.640000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.177596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.884615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.027248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.640000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.327815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.038251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.640000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.177596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.884615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.027248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.640000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.327815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60515.151515                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60821.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60733.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        61500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60665.492958                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60529.824561                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60357.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 59769.230769                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        55250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        60250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60507.575758                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        60000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        60500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        60250                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60487.179487                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60529.824561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60512.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60357.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60718.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 59769.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60652.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        55250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 61343.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60380.471380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60529.824561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60512.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60357.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60718.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 59769.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60652.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        55250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 61343.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60380.471380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           58                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          354                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           58                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5001000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       711500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       761000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       721000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7194500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14401000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       510000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2929500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        50500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17891000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3333500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        50500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       404000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        50500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3838500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8334500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2929500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        50500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       771500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8334500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2929500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        50500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       771500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.158470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.929577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.727273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.730769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.158470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.315673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.158470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50515.151515                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 50821.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 50733.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        51500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50665.492958                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50529.824561                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        51000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50508.620690                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        50500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50539.548023                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50507.575758                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        50500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        50500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        50500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50506.578947                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50529.824561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50512.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        51000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        50800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50508.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 50652.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        50500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 51433.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50566.433566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 50529.824561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50512.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        51000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        50800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 50508.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 50652.173913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        50500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 51433.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50566.433566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           839                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          261                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port        36608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   36608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              261                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               839                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     839    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 839                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              587124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2860000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         3977                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1080                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1895                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    263409500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2225                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1056                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             274                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            274                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              420                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             420                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1566                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          659                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  5868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        43648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        10944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        41344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        41344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        41472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total                 183616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                            1028                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic                     53312                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples             2919                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.294964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           1.172134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                   1002     34.33%     34.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                    753     25.80%     60.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                    465     15.93%     76.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                    699     23.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total               2919                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            3053983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy            700500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy            499498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy            550995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy            431976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy            552491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy            427974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy            554986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy            431477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
