
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000057                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    56511000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   56511000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 572788                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   572177                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5822018151                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 636864                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5548                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          5548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     56511000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst            16448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data             8768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total               25216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        16448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          16448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst               257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data               137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                  394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst           291058378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           155155633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              446214011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      291058378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         291058378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst          291058378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          155155633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             446214011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                          394                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                        394                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                   25216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                    25216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                 69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                 79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                       56394000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                    394                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                      394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples           98                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     248.816327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    183.748429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    196.431638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            26     26.53%     26.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255           31     31.63%     58.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           15     15.31%     73.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           13     13.27%     86.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            9      9.18%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            2      2.04%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      1.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            1      1.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total            98                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                       5793000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 13180500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                     1970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14703.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33453.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        446.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     446.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                       292                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      143131.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                    421260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                    216315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                  1756440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                       0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          4302480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy               4075500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy                122880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy         21123630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy           357120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy                32375625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             572.905837                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime              47002000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         71000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF        1820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN       929250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        7357750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     46333000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                    307020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                    155595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                  1056720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                       0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          4302480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy               2785590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy                293760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy         20523420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy          1777920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy                31202505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             552.146785                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime              49582750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE        557000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF        1820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      4629500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        4495750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     45008750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     56511000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON        56511000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                            56511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5548                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                          5548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                  4660                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts          835                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                         4660                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               10977                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes               5062                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          1404                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                         726                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                        678                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               56510.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                              1187                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   173      3.09%      3.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                      4014     71.79%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                      726     12.99%     87.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                     678     12.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                       5591                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     56511000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            83.847801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                1253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              9.079710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    83.847801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.081883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.081883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.134766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              2920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             2920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     56511000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data          662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          591                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            591                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6576000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6576000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      8937000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8937000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     15513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     15513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     15513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     15513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         1391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.077994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.077994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.121842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 117428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 108987.804878                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108987.804878                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 112413.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112413.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 112413.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112413.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6464000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6464000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8773000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8773000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     15237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     15237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.077994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121842                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121842                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 115428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 106987.804878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106987.804878                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 110413.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110413.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 110413.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110413.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     56511000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                71                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse            98.324434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                5333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             20.590734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    98.324434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.384080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.384080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.734375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             11443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            11443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     56511000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         5333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            5333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          5333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     27828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     27828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     27828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         5592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         5592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         5592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         5592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.046316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.046316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.046316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107444.015444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107444.015444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107444.015444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107444.015444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107444.015444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107444.015444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27310000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27310000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.046316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.046316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.046316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 105444.015444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105444.015444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 105444.015444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105444.015444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 105444.015444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105444.015444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            468                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           73                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops                0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     56511000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 315                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict                71                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 82                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                82                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            315                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                     865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         8832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                    25408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                                 0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                           0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples                397                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.007557                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.086709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      394     99.24%     99.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                        3      0.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                  397                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy               468000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              777000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy              414000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     56511000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              201.052259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                     73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                  394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 0.185279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   118.133782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    82.918477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.028841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.020244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.049085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.096191                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                 4130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses                4130                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     56511000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                  3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total             82                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          312                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data            137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total               394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst           257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data           137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total              394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      8527000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8527000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26487000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6273000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     32760000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     14800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     41287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     14800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     41287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          259                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total             397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total            397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.982143                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990476                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.992443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.992443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 103987.804878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103987.804878                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 103062.256809                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 114054.545455                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 103062.256809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 108029.197080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104789.340102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 103062.256809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 108029.197080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104789.340102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           55                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          312                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6887000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6887000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21347000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5173000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26520000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     12060000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     12060000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.982143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83987.804878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83987.804878                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83062.256809                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 94054.545455                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83062.256809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88029.197080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84789.340102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 83062.256809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88029.197080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84789.340102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           394                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     56511000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                82                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               82                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port          788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   25216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     394    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              394000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            2102500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
