
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000165                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   165091500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  165091500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30601                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    30601                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               44574860                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 244264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      113337                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        113337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    165091500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             49984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data             16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                66752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        49984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  1043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            302765436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            101567918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               404333355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       302765436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          302765436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           302765436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           101567918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              404333355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          1043                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                        1043                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    66752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     66752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                  93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                   5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                  17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                 108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                  95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                  58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                  78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                 82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                       164764000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    1043                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      312.956938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     206.620752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     291.549711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             58     27.75%     27.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           50     23.92%     51.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           39     18.66%     70.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511           19      9.09%     79.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            9      4.31%     83.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      3.83%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      2.87%     90.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      1.44%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      8.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       16657750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  36214000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      5215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       15971.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  34721.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         404.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      404.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       3.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        829                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   79.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       157971.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      79.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                     778260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                     409860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                   3348660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           13522080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy                9067560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy                 480480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actPowerDownEnergy          54701760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.prePowerDownEnergy           6869760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.selfRefreshEnergy            2569980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy                 91748400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              555.739358                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.totalIdleTime              143461250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         642000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF         5732000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        6106000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     17892500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        14770000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    119949000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                     749700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                     383295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                   4098360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           12907440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy                9572580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy                 409440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actPowerDownEnergy          46964580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.prePowerDownEnergy          13642080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.selfRefreshEnergy            1635840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy                 90363315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              547.349607                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.totalIdleTime              142759500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         477500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF         5472000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        4514500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     35521500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        16091750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    103014250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    165091500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                   31704                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted             20239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              2235                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                27881                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                   15332                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             54.990854                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            5600                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits               3678                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             1922                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1024                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   45                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       165091500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           330183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                      113337                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                        113337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                          5814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               2.913285                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.343255                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass                  45      0.04%      0.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                   69651     61.45%     61.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                    122      0.11%     61.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                      26      0.02%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     61.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead                  23780     20.98%     82.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite                 19713     17.39%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                   113337                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                          171254                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                          158929                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    165091500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           213.474286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               43868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            166.798479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   213.474286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.052118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.052118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.064209                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             88905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            88905                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    165091500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        24540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           24540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        19328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          19328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data         43868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total            43868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data        43868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total           43868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7586500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7586500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     31133500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31133500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     38720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     38720000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     38720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     38720000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        24609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        19712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        44321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        44321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        44321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        44321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019481                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019481                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 109949.275362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109949.275362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81076.822917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81076.822917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85474.613687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85474.613687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85474.613687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85474.613687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          190                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          190                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7121500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7121500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     16117500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16117500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     23239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     23239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 109561.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109561.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81401.515152                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81401.515152                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88361.216730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88361.216730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88361.216730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88361.216730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    165091500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                14                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           386.834879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               49717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             63.658131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   386.834879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.188884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.188884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.374512                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            101777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           101777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    165091500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        49717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           49717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         49717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            49717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        49717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           49717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        50498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        50498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        50498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        50498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        50498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        50498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87673.495519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87673.495519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87673.495519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87673.495519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 87673.495519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87673.495519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           14                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                14                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.015466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86673.495519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86673.495519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86673.495519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86673.495519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86673.495519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86673.495519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    165091500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse          603.610931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             1043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.014382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   390.574887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   213.036044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.011919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.018421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          556                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.031830                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             9507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            9507                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    165091500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           14                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total           14                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          198                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          198                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          781                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          1043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         1043                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     15820000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     15820000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66520500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     66520500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7011500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      7011500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66520500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     22831500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     89352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66520500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     22831500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     89352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           14                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total           14                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          781                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         1044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.984615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.984615                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79898.989899                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79898.989899                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85173.495519                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85173.495519                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 109554.687500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109554.687500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85173.495519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87143.129771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85668.264621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85173.495519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87143.129771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85668.264621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          198                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          198                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     13840000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13840000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     58710500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58710500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6371500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6371500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     58710500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     20211500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     58710500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     20211500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.984615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69898.989899                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69898.989899                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75173.495519                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75173.495519                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 99554.687500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99554.687500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75173.495519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77143.129771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75668.264621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75173.495519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77143.129771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75668.264621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         1058                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           15                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    165091500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           846                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           14                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          198                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          198                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          781                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           65                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              2102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        50880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        16832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              67712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic                     0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples         1044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.030949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0               1043     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  1      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total           1044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         543000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       1171500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        394500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1043                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    165091500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port         2086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   2086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        66752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   66752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              1043                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    1043    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                1043                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1170500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            5536250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
